README.md, before:

# BIM360 Assets API Documentation Postman Collection Git Repo

This repository contains 2 API collections as follow for different purpose which could help you understand the usage of BIM 360 Assets API:

- [BIM360 Assets Tutorial](Tutorial), includes a set of API working as tutorial of BIM360 Assets workflow.
- [BIM360 Assets API List](EndpointList), includes Assets API list that helps quick test or verify each endpoint.


## What's Postman?

Postman is a popular tool that provides an easy-to-use interface to send HTTP requests. Postman is able to parse the responses that Forge sends you and save response parameter values to variables. These parameters can then be reused in subsequent requests through these variables. The Postman collections in this repository use this ability to provide pre-populated HTTP requests to help you follow the tutorial workflow with minimal effort. You can also modify the requests and experiment without having to write a single line of code. 

- You can learn how to install and use Postman from [here](https://learning.getpostman.com/docs/postman/launching_postman/installation_and_updates).

- You can download the Postman installer from [here](https://www.getpostman.com/downloads/).

## What next?

To follow a tutorial, click the corresponding link in the list of tutorials or navigate to the corresponding folder in this repository. The *readme.md* file in the folder provides instructions on how to follow that tutorial. 

## License
This sample is licensed under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full details.

## Written by
Eason Kang [@yiskang](https://twitter.com/yiskang), [Forge Partner Development](http://forge.autodesk.com)

Commit message:

Re-branded Forge to APS.

README.md, after:

# Postman Collection for Assets API

[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-v8-orange.svg)](https://www.getpostman.com/)

[![oAuth2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Authentication-v1-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![Data-Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data%20Management-v2-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![BIM360-Assets](https://img.shields.io/badge/BIM360%20Assets-beta-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)

![Beginner](https://img.shields.io/badge/Level-Beginner-green.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/:license-MIT-blue.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This repository contains 2 API collections as follow for different purpose which could help you understand the usage of APS Assets API:

- [Assets Tutorial](Tutorial), includes a set of API working as tutorial of Assets workflow.
- [Assets API List](EndpointList), includes Assets API list that helps quick test or verify each endpoint.

## What's Postman?

Postman is a popular tool that provides an easy-to-use interface to send HTTP requests. Postman is able to parse the responses that APS sends you and save response parameter values to variables. These parameters can then be reused in subsequent requests through these variables. The Postman collections in this repository use this ability to provide pre-populated HTTP requests to help you follow the tutorial workflow with minimal effort. You can also modify the requests and experiment without having to write a single line of code.

- You can learn how to install and use Postman from [here](https://learning.getpostman.com/docs/postman/launching_postman/installation_and_updates).

- You can download the Postman installer from [here](https://www.getpostman.com/downloads/).

## What next?

To follow a tutorial, click the corresponding link in the list of tutorials or navigate to the corresponding folder in this repository. The *readme.md* file in the folder provides instructions on how to follow that tutorial.

## License
This sample is licensed under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full details.

## Written by
Eason Kang [@yiskang](https://twitter.com/yiskang), [APS Partner Development](http://aps.autodesk.com)
